.\" -*- nroff -*-
.TH CTL_CONVERSATIONSDB 8 "Project Cyrus" CMU
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1994-2011 Carnegie Mellon University.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\"
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
.\"    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
.\"    distribution.
.\"
.\" 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon University" must not be used to
.\"    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
.\"    prior written permission. For permission or any legal
.\"    details, please contact
.\"      Carnegie Mellon University
.\"      Center for Technology Transfer and Enterprise Creation
.\"      4615 Forbes Avenue
.\"      Suite 302
.\"      Pittsburgh, PA  15213
.\"      (412) 268-7393, fax: (412) 268-7395
.\"      innovation@andrew.cmu.edu
.\" 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
.\"    acknowledgment:
.\"    "This product includes software developed by Computing Services
.\"     at Carnegie Mellon University (http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)."
.\"
.\" CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
.\" THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN
.\" AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.SH NAME
ctl_conversationsdb \- perform operations on the conversations databases
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ctl_conversationsdb
[
.B \-C
.I config-file
]
[
.B \-v
]
\fB-d\fR
\fImboxname\fR
.br
.B ctl_conversationsdb
[
.B \-C
.I config-file
]
[
.B \-v
]
\fB-u\fR
\fImboxname\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Ctl_conversationsdb
is used to perform various administrative operations on the
conversations database and associated information if \fIcyrus.index\fR
files.
.PP
.I Ctl_conversationsdb
reads its configuration options out of the
.IR imapd.conf (5)
file unless specified otherwise by \fB-C\fR.
The
.I configdirectory
option is used to determine the default location of the conversations database.
.PP
The first synopsis, dumps the contents of the conversations database to
standard output in an ASCII format.  The resulting file can be fed back
in to the second synposis, which "undumps" from standard input.  This
pair of commands is useful for disaster recovery, or for changing the
backend used to store the conversations database.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-C\  "config-file"
Read configuration options from \fIconfig-file\fR.
.TP
.B \-d
Dump the conversations database which corresponds to the mailbox \fImboxname\fR
to standard output in an ASCII format.  The resulting file can be used
to recreate a database using the \fB-u\fR option.
.TP
.B \-u
"Undumps" the conversations database corresponding to the mailbox \fImboxname\fR,
i.e. replaces all the entries with data from ASCII records parsed from
standard input.  The output from the \fB-d\fR option can be used as
input.
.TP
.B \-v
Be more verbose when running.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/imapd.conf
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBimapd.conf(5)\fR, \fBmaster(8)\fR
